Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Yay!
Hooray! You did it. Charlie Brown.
-Hooray!
-Way to go. Charlie Brown.
Yay!
Charlie Brown!
Charlie Brown! Charlie Brown!
Way to go. Charlie Brown.
Who did--
Why can't I have a normal dog.
like everyone else?
Good morning. Linus.
Good morning. Charlie Brown.
I had that same dream again last night.
Which one was that. Charlie Brown?
The one where
we finally beat Peppermint Patty's team.
Think it might be a sign that this year's
going to be our year to win the pennant.
You said that about last year.
and the year before that.
Yes. but it's different this time.
We've been training really hard.
Our batting skills are better.
Our throwing skills have improved.
I'm positive that we're going to win.
I don't know. Charlie Brown.
Peppermint Patty and her team
have won the neighborhood pennant
every year since she moved here.
That may be true.
Tomorrow. I believe we will finally have
another pennant to raise on our flagpole.
I admire your confidence in the face
of overwhelming odds. Charlie Brown.
Nice throw.
Keep your knees up. Shermy.
That's a five-star move.
-Two. three. four.
-Good energy. Pigpen.
Hi-yah!
-Great swing. Lucy.
-Thanks. Charlie Brown.
All right. team.
This is our last practice
before the big game tomorrow.
which we are going to win.
Wait.
Has anyone seen Snoopy?
My dog. The all-star.
Okay. Let's get started.
I've got it.
Grounder!
Ball hog.
Great hustle. gang.
Out of the way. This one's mine.
My naturally curly hair!
Good grief.
Hello. big brother.
Your star player has arrived.
My star player?
That's right.
You promised me. when I turn five.
I can join your team.
Remember?
It's been a whole year already?
Okay. Sally.
A promise is a promise.
Let's get you suited up.
Thank you. big brother.
Or should I say. "manager"?
All right. Let's see what you got.
I've waited my whole life for this moment.
That's okay. Sally.
You might not believe it.
but I wasn't always
the great pitcher you see before you.
Get ready to see
what I can bring to your team.
I got it. I got it.
I don't got it.
I guess I'm just not ready for this.
Listen. Sally. I'm sure--
Oh. no. It's Peppermint Patty.
Hey. guys. Wait for me.
Hey there. Chuck. ol' boy.
I thought I'd ride through and see
if you're ready to lose another pennant
to the better half
of the neighborhood tomorrow.
Not this year. Peppermint Patty.
My team is in shipshape condition
and ready to go.
Have you ever seen
a better-looking group of players?
Whatever you say. Chuck.
Hey. Coach.
do we really have to play here?
It looks more like a landfill
than a ball field.
Yeah. and dirtier
than their third baseman.
Look. Chuck.
I could be nice to you tomorrow
and throw a few innings.
but you wouldn't want that. would you?
Don't you worry about us.
Peppermint Patty.
We'll be ready.
I like your spirit. Chuck.
I look forward to handing you
a good old-fashioned clobbering tomorrow.
I finally turned five.
only to find out I'm still too small
to play baseball with the team.
Why. hello. little flower.
What are you doing
out here all by yourself?
Do you ever feel
like you just don't fit in?
Yeah. me too.
I think we have a lot in common.
Small guys like us.
we ought to stick together.
Don't worry. I'll look out for you.
I promise.
Don't listen
to what Peppermint Patty said.
She's not your manager. I am.
I know we can win.
We just need to stick together
and play as a team.
Why do you make us
go through this routine every year?
No matter what we try.
the result is always the same.
Peppermint Patty wins.
And we lose.
That's for sure. She's got a point there.
What's the matter with you guys?
Where is your confidence?
Have faith that this year
will be different.
We've done our homework.
We know their strengths.
And we know their weaknesses.
By sundown tomorrow.
I guarantee we'll be raising
another pennant up on that flagpole.
But only if you believe.
Are you with me?
Yay! Hooray!
Yay! Yay!
Come on. team.
Go. go. go! Let's hit that field.
Yay!
You've got to be kidding me.
This is ridiculous.
-Seriously?
-What is she doing?
Sally?
Hello. big brother.
Can you move. please?
You're sort of in the way.
She's fully in the way.
-You said it. Franklin.
-Yeah.
-Uh-huh.
-That's right.
This is a travesty.
Isn't this the most beautiful flower
you've ever seen?
Flower? It's a dandelion.
Dandelions are weeds. Sally.
Don't call her that.
You're going to hurt her feelings.
She's a beautiful little flower.
and she deserves to be admired.
It's also on the pitcher's mound.
It's going to be trampled.
I'm not going to let that happen.
She's my friend.
and I made a promise to protect her.
What?
I thought you said we had to practice.
Yeah. Let's get this show on the road!
Settle down. everyone.
I'll handle this.
Sally. I'll bet you didn't know Mom made
your favorite cookies this morning.
Maybe if you hurry home.
she'll give you one.
I will not be manipulated.
Perhaps you should try
a different approach.
-Such as?
-The Socratic method.
It's a form of argumentative dialogue
based on asking and answering questions
to stimulate critical thinking.
Socratic what?
Begging might also work.
Sally.
please move!
We've got to practice for tomorrow's game.
I'm not moving.
This is just great.
Now we're for sure
not going to win that pennant!
This is a minor setback.
No big deal.
I know my little sister.
She'll get bored and go home soon.
Until then. we can practice around her.
Everyone. take your positions.
"Once in a golden hour
I cast to earth a seed.
Up there came a flower.
The people said. a weed."
Mine. mine!
Strike three!
Rats!
Sally? I know we had our differences.
but look.
I brought you some of Mom's cookies.
She'll be back.
I hope.
That lumpy old mound
can't be very comfortable.
By morning.
everything will be back to normal.
Game day.
Wish me luck. Joe.
Charlie Brown!
Charlie Brown! Charlie Brown!
Charlie… Brown?
Good morning. big brother.
Sally. what in the world are you doing?
You can't keep sitting
on the pitcher's mound forever.
Yes. I can!
I made a promise.
and I'm not going to break it.
Can't you see?
This flower needs me.
But today's the championship game.
Don't you have any idea
what's at stake here?
I sure do.
And it's not your game.
What's important is this little flower.
But it's not a flower. It's a weed.
I don't believe it.
She's still here!
What happened to.
"I know my little sister"?
When has Charlie Brown
ever done anything right?
Big brother.
can you take this conversation elsewhere?
All this conflict
is making my flower nervous.
All right. everyone.
Just give me some time to think.
Thank you for opening up
before the game today. Lucy.
I'm in desperate need of some help.
You've come to the right place then.
Charlie Brown.
There's no one more qualified
to solve your problems than me.
Let me pull your file.
Go on.
Actually. it's about Sally.
She still won't move
from the pitcher's mound.
and today's the championship game.
I thought maybe you could talk to her.
I don't normally make field calls.
This is going to cost you
an extra five cents.
Would you take three cents
and a butterscotch?
I'll do it!
I don't understand
what Sally is trying to prove.
It's just one small. insignificant weed.
Don't worry. Charlie Brown.
I'll handle this.
Lucy's very convincing.
I'm sure this is going to work.
It is. It's working.
Sally's standing.
Any second now she's going to move.
She's sitting!
Don't sit down!
Now Lucy's sitting too?
You're not supposed to be sitting!
You're supposed to be moving!
I demand a refund.
Don't worry. little flower.
Charlie Brown is just here to say hello.
I am?
We won't let him hurt you.
We? Who's we?
What about the game?
We can't play now.
Don't you see. Charlie Brown?
Sally is a lone spirit. standing up
for her beliefs in the face of adversity.
She's strong.
She's powerful. She's inspiring.
Come to think of it. you know
who she reminds me of. Charlie Brown?
She reminds me of…
me!
I think I made a big mistake.
Attention. fellow citizens.
Sally Brown is taking a stand
to save a poor. defenseless flower.
She has a message that must be heard.
She has a voice that won't be silenced.
Did you hear what Sally Brown is doing?
I heard she sat outside all night
to protect the flower.
I never knew she was such a rebel.
And she's in my class.
Must be a pretty special flower.
-You going?
-I'll bring a plate of hamburger snacks.
Meet you there. And spread the word!
What she doesn't have is you!
That's right. she needs your help.
After all. flowers can't
protect themselves. can they?
So be like Sally. take a stand!
Join us for the sit-in on the mound.
Tell your friends. spread the word!
Exercise your First Amendment rights!
What in the world is this?
You were supposed
to get rid of your sister.
Yeah! Not bring back reinforcements!
What's the plan now. Coach?
Well. I…
How are you doing. little flower?
I wish I brought my radio.
I hear flowers really like music.
I could help you with that.
Oh. Schroeder!
We could use your help over here!
Flowers just love classical music.
What about the game?
Baseball games come and go. Charlie Brown.
But a receptive audience
is something I simply cannot turn down.
Wow. little flower.
Look at all your new friends.
You'll never be lonely again.
Can you believe it?
On a field like this. Sally found
something beautiful to care about.
I wanna know what it feels like
to care about something
as much as Sally cares about that flower.
Hey! Where are you going?
Wait. let's not make any hasty decisions.
What about the neighborhood pennant?
What about the bragging rights?
What about my championship?
At least you're still with me.
Aren't you. Snoopy?
Not you. too!
Good grief. What's next?
This has really gotten out of control.
Doesn't anyone care about
the championship game anymore?
Can you hear that?
No. no. you've got to listen closer
A dandelion speaks
Don't laugh
She's got some things to teach us
It's the small things
Like us
We come together to make big things
Like a baseball game
It's not just one
It's everyone
And to be fair
We don't own this ground
Charlie Brown
We share it
So whoa up!
Slow down
There's life on the mound
Can you hear the sound?
It's the small things. Charlie Brown
Can't you see yourself?
Right there
That's you. alone
You're a lonely flower
But a field of us. you know
We make a team and that's our power
So be aware
Of where you step
And what and who
You might be stepping on
Look up
Look now
So huge
So wow
Let me break it down
Little droplets make big clouds
It's the small things. Charlie Brown
Lots and lots
Of the tiniest dots
Can make shapes
Even faces when viewed far away
And the quietest voice
Could cut through the noise
When it's speaking
The truth
Look up
Look down
The sky and the ground
Getting louder now
The voice of the bravest flower
Too small to hear without
Some perspective. Charlie Brown
Do the right thing
Are you with me. Charlie Brown?
How could this get any worse?
Hey. Chuck. ol' boy.
Ready for the big game?
Ready to slug it out
for nine long innings?
Ready to see
which team will reign supreme?
What's with the party?
I thought we were playing ball.
I see what's going on here.
The old infield sit-in maneuver.
Nice try. Chuck.
but it's not going to work.
Yeah!
You got your own sister
to camp out on the mound
so we can't clobber you at the plate?
You think if we can't play.
then you can't lose?
Is that it. Chuck?
No. I want to play.
It's just that this dandelion
seems to mean a lot to a lot of people.
Especially my little sister.
I get it. The old dandelion excuse.
Heard it a million times. Chuck.
We'll just mark this game down
as a loss for you. due to a forfeit.
-Yes!
-Champions again!
What kind of manager
can't even keep his team together?
Don't listen to them. Chuck.
We all know
how tough a five-year-old can be.
Little sisters always win
against their big brothers.
And hey. remember.
there's always next year.
Next year?
Charlie Brown!
Charlie Brown! Charlie Brown!
Hold it right there.
This game isn't over yet.
I don't need to get everyone to leave.
I just need the dandelion to leave.
And then everyone else will follow.
Out of the way. Sally.
Sorry. but this has to be done.
Not a chance. big brother.
I won't let you hurt my flower.
Sally. I'm not going to hurt it.
You have to trust me.
Permission denied!
Sally. please.
-No!
-Out of my way.
I said no!
-Please. you don't understand.
-Back off!
Leave us alone!
Sally. I'm just gonna move it!
But I made a promise to her!
Little flower?
Are you okay?
Look what you did!
You killed it.
Sally? I--
I guess you win.
Enjoy your baseball game.
So. Chuck.
now that this flower festival has ended.
do you still want to play for the pennant?
All of a sudden.
it just doesn't
seem all that important to me.
Wow!
Sally. wait!
Sally. wait. If I could just explain.
Go away.
I didn't mean for that
to happen to your flower.
You have to believe me.
You never cared about her.
But I do care about you.
I should have seen
how much that flower meant to you.
instead of focusing so much on baseball.
It's just…
I really cared about this little flower.
I know.
Sally?
I'm sorry.
I know.
There's something you have to see.
You and your flower
really made a difference.
It's beautiful.
I did that?
We could use more mulch. Pigpen.
Remember to space out the plants!
We wanna give those tomatoes room to grow!
Everyone. please gather around.
Thank you all for being here today
for the grand reopening of our ballpark.
A new field and a new beginning
demands a new team mascot.
The Dandelions.
Yay!
What do you think. Sally?
Do you like it?
Do I like it?
I love it!
My little flower friend would be so proud.
There's another surprise I have for you.
Welcome to the team.
Assistant manager!
Me? Really?
This is sweet and all.
but when are we going to start the game?
What are you all standing around for?
Let's play ball!
Come on! Move it. move it. move it!
You know. cleaning up
this ball field has got me thinking.
Maybe we shouldn't stop here.
Wiser words have never been spoken.
Keep your chin up. Chuck.
Winning isn't everything when you got
such a beautiful ballpark to play in.
She is right.
But it would have been nice!